MyGlob HISTORY file

v3.1.6
Fix issue with user login.

Оправен проблем с влизането в потребителски профил.

v3.1.5
Update invoice and login error messages (Issue #14).

Обновени съобщения за грешка при проверка на сметка и фактура.

v3.1.4
Fix issue with incorrect logins.

Оправен проблем с невалидно потребителско име и парола.

v3.1.3
Fix issue #12: Widget updates failure on Samsung S5/Android 4.0+

Оправен проблем (#12) с неработещ Widget при Samsung S5/Android 4.0+

v3.1.2
Fix: Fixed issue with login.

Оправен проблем с логване на потребители.
 

v3.1.1
Improvement/Change: App now installed on internalStorage by default. If no space available app will be installed on the externalStorage, i.e., SDCard.
Fixed: (Issue #10) Widgets now available when app is installed on internalStorage.

(Приложението се инсталира в паметта на телефона по подразбиране. Ако няма достатъчно място, то приложението ще се инсталира на SD картата.)
(Widget-ите отново могат да бъдат добавяни, но само когато приложението е инсталирано в паметта на телефона!)

v3.1.0
Feature: Added Invoices. Last created invoice can now be checked. 
Improvement/Change: App is localized in English. Texts will show in English for all devices that have their language set to English. For all other language settings the Default language is Bulgarian.
Fixed: Status info not updated when selected user was deleted.

(Добавено извеждане на последно издадена фактура.)
(Приложението е локализирано на Англииски език. Текстовете ще се изписват на англ. език за всички устройства с конфигуриран англ. език в Андроид. За всички останали езикови конфигурации текстовете в приложението се изписват на български език.)
(Проблем при обновяване на статуса, когато някои от профилите бива изтрит.)

v3.0.1
Fix: Fixed a problem where app could not be moved to SDCard storage. 
Improvement/Change: Added Travel&Surf internet bandwidth check operation. 

(Приложнието отново може да се инсталира на SD картата).
(Добавена проверка на Travel&Surf моб.интернет трафик).

v3.0.0
Improvement/Change: Redesigned the complete UI. 

(Цялостен редизайн на приложението)

v2.1.2
Fixed: (Issue #8) Cannot get bill info for other than one account

v2.1.1
Fixed: (Issue #7)Page does not exist 
Fixed: (Issue #6) No menu button on latest Android phones 

(Страницата не съществува)
(Добавен меню бутон за телефони без хардуерен меню бутон)

v2.1.0
Important: App now requires Android SDK 7 (2.1).
Feature: (Issue #4) MyGlob widget now available. The widget shows the last checked account status. You can refresh via the Refresh button. To change the account & operation tap the Widget and use the in-app dropdowns. Widget auto-updates every 2 hours. If there is no internet connection the last fetched info will be shown.
Improvement/Change: The app now remembers the last selected account and operation.
Improvement/Change: The app will now automatically show the last fetched info upon opening.
Improvement/Change: Changed menu icons.

v2.0.3
Fix: Issue #1: When trying to refresh information, an error "The target server failed to respond." appeared. This issue only appeared on some phones and it's either due to the reverse DNS bug in Android or due to missing certificate chain on the phone.

V2.0.1
Fix: Issue #1: The target server failed to respond.
Improvement/Change: The app can now be moved to SDCard storage. This is the default install location as well.

v2.0.0
Improvement/Change: (Issue #7) Multiple phone numbers checking support now available.
Improvement/Change: Possibility to edit users.
Improvement/Change: Encryption of user passwords changed. Users from V1.0.1 still supported.
Improvement/Change: Layout and menus have been changed.

v1.1.0
Fixed: Issue 2: Fixed a bug where application used to crash if orientation was changed during account update.
Improvement/Change: (Issue #6) All available checks can now be performed by a single selection available in the menu.
Improvement/Change: Texts in the dropdown menu were changed to enhance the look & feel of the UI.

v1.0.1
Improvement/Change: All application icons updated.
Fixed: Issue 1: Application failed to run on Froyo (API 2.1 and 2.2).

v1.0.0
Initial release
